process.md, before:

# process.md

### Team organization
Our team is divided as follows:
1. Backend(Python, Django):Omid, Sal, Osaru  
2. Middleware: Osaru  
3. Frontend(HTML, CSS, Javascript): Venkada, Aiyaz  
4. Backend/Database(MongoDB): Nathan, Mak  
5. UI/UX: Omid, Sal  

### Decision making
The decision making process was simple as none of us had anything in mind going into our first meeting, so we agreed on the first thing that came up - to create a jobs listing site. Future decisions will be made during meetings and over Slack.

### Prioritizing user stories
TODO:

### Meetings
Our group got together during the lectures. We first communicated on Facebook, before moving to Slack after our meeting. In our first meeting we decided on what we were going to do for the project. We only met in person twice for sprint0, but kept in contact online through Slack.

### Next phase
We will be increasing the frequency of our meetings for the next phases as we will need to communicate much more as workload increases. This will allow team members to get any help as needed as we tackle our objectives for the next phase.

Commit message:

Added roles and prioritizing user stories

process.md, after:

# process.md

### Team organization
Our team is divided as follows:
1. Backend(Python, Django):Omid, Sal, Osaru  
2. Middleware: Osaru  
3. Frontend(HTML, CSS, Javascript): Venkada, Aiyaz  
4. Backend/Database(MongoDB): Nathan, Mak  
5. UI/UX: Omid, Sal  

### Decision making
The decision making process was simple as none of us had anything in mind going into our first meeting, so we agreed on the first thing that came up - to create a jobs listing site. Future decisions will be made during meetings through the groups agreement on Slack.

### Prioritizing user stories
Our user stories were prioritized during our meetings on Slack by voting each story a number in the range [1- 120]. Any group member that had outlying numbers discussed on why they think differently and an appropriate decision was made on prioritizing according to the discussions.

### Meetings
Our group got together during the lectures. We first communicated on Facebook, before moving to Slack after our meeting. In our first meeting we decided on what we were going to do for the project. We only met in person twice for sprint0, but kept in contact online through Slack.

### Next phase
We will be increasing the frequency of our meetings for the next phases as we will need to communicate much more as workload increases. This will allow team members to get any help as needed as we tackle our objectives for the next phase.
