doc/sprint3/sprint3.md, before:

### Sprint Planning meeting:

Date: July 5th, 2017 17:00-19:00

### Scrum Meeting:
 
 Date: July 7th, 2017 17:00-19:00
 Attendees: Nathan, Osaru, Aiyaz, Salman, Omid, Venkada, Ewen

 Date July 11th, 2017, 17:00-18:00
 Attendees: Nathan, Osaru, Aiyaz, Salman, Omid, Venkada, Ewen
 
 
### Sprint Goals:

- 
- Start work as early as possible and dont leave things to last minite
- Improve existing functionalities such as improving web pages with material design and improving login
- Implement some essential features for the user (see user stores for features selected)
  

### Backlog:

  Overview: Implement and improve viewing applied posts and login. Also improve layout of previous pages and applying functionalities. 

#### User Stories:

  - Priority: 50, Size: 2

     As an Employer or Student, I would like a navbar so that I can easily navigate to different sections of the site.

  - Priority: 20, Size: 2
  
     As an Admin, I want to be able to delete job postings
  
  - Priority: 60 , Size: 3
     
     As a Student, I want to be able to see previous job descriptions for positions that I've applied to, so that I can review them for interviews.

  - Priority: 30 , Size: 5
 
     As an Admin, I want to be able to add and delete companies and students so that I can moderate users and companies.

  - Priority: 10 , Size: 5
 
     As an Admin, I want to be able to login to an admin account, so that I can perform admin functions

  - Priority 70, Size: 3  

     As a Student, I want to be able to search for jobs in a text box, so that I can easily filter the list of jobs  

  - Priority: 40, Size: 5  

     As an Employer, I want to be able to login to an employer's account, so that I can perform employer functions.  

  - Priority: 80, Size: 3  
   
     As a Student, I want to be able to apply to jobs, so that Employers can see who is interested in a certain job.

  #### Task Breakdown:
  1. Story One subtasks:

     - Adding a navbar that is common to all the pages (Aiyaz)

  2. Story Two subtasks:

     - Creating page which allows for deleting postings(Django implemented)

  3. Story Three subtasks:

     - A front-end table page to view all postings that the user has applied to (Nathan)
     - A django view to be able to filter the jobs that the student has applied to (Nathan)

  4. Story four subtasks:

     - Creating a page which allows the admin to delete users (Students) and companies. (Django Implemented)

  5. Story five subtasks:

     - A page to enter login and password details to login for the admin (Django implmented)

  6. Story six subtasks:

     - implement search data from job listings table (Nathan)

  7. Story seven subtasks:

     - Implement login functionality for the employer in the backend (Osaru)

  8. Story eight subtasks:

     - Including the applications objects when the student applies to a job (Osaru)

  . Documentation: Salman & Ewen & Venkada

  ### Upgrades on existing features:
  - Improving login functionalities for the student in the backend (Osaru)
  - Changing all previous web pages to material design format (Omid)

Commit message:

modified sprint3.md to include tasks for the applying jobs

doc/sprint3/sprint3.md, after:

### Sprint Planning meeting:

Date: July 5th, 2017 17:00-19:00

### Scrum Meeting:
 
 Date: July 7th, 2017 17:00-19:00
 Attendees: Nathan, Osaru, Aiyaz, Salman, Omid, Venkada, Ewen

 Date July 11th, 2017, 17:00-18:00
 Attendees: Nathan, Osaru, Aiyaz, Salman, Omid, Venkada, Ewen
 
 
### Sprint Goals:

- 
- Start work as early as possible and dont leave things to last minite
- Improve existing functionalities such as improving web pages with material design and improving login
- Implement some essential features for the user (see user stores for features selected)
  

### Backlog:

  Overview: Implement and improve viewing applied posts and login. Also improve layout of previous pages and applying functionalities. 

#### User Stories:

  - Priority: 50, Size: 2

     As an Employer or Student, I would like a navbar so that I can easily navigate to different sections of the site.

  - Priority: 20, Size: 2
  
     As an Admin, I want to be able to delete job postings
  
  - Priority: 60 , Size: 3
     
     As a Student, I want to be able to see previous job descriptions for positions that I've applied to, so that I can review them for interviews.

  - Priority: 30 , Size: 5
 
     As an Admin, I want to be able to add and delete companies and students so that I can moderate users and companies.

  - Priority: 10 , Size: 5
 
     As an Admin, I want to be able to login to an admin account, so that I can perform admin functions

  - Priority 70, Size: 3  

     As a Student, I want to be able to search for jobs in a text box, so that I can easily filter the list of jobs  

  - Priority: 40, Size: 5  

     As an Employer, I want to be able to login to an employer's account, so that I can perform employer functions.  

  - Priority: 80, Size: 3  
   
     As a Student, I want to be able to apply to jobs, so that Employers can see who is interested in a certain job.

  #### Task Breakdown:
  1. Story One subtasks:

     - Adding a navbar that is common to all the pages (Aiyaz)

  2. Story Two subtasks:

     - Creating page which allows for deleting postings(Django implemented)

  3. Story Three subtasks:

     - A front-end table page to view all postings that the user has applied to (Nathan)
     - A django view to be able to filter the jobs that the student has applied to (Nathan)

  4. Story four subtasks:

     - Creating a page which allows the admin to delete users (Students) and companies. (Django Implemented)

  5. Story five subtasks:

     - A page to enter login and password details to login for the admin (Django implmented)

  6. Story six subtasks:

     - implement search data from job listings table (Nathan)

  7. Story seven subtasks:

     - Implement login functionality for the employer in the backend (Osaru)

  8. Story eight subtasks:

     - creating an applying page where the student can upload the resume and cover leter (Venkada)

     - create database table to hold documents for jobs (Nathan)

     - store student id attribute in related document rows in table (Osaru)

     - create django form and update database with form fields (Nathan)

  . Documentation: Salman & Ewen & Venkada

  ### Upgrades on existing features:
  - Improving login functionalities for the student in the backend (Osaru)
  - Changing all previous web pages to material design format (Omid)
